>> Kent C. Dodds: Let's move on
to the next problem that we'll
solve with this configuration stuff.
I'm gonna go ahead and
pull in the test for the calculator.
This is the one that kind of pulls
in all the other components.
You might say this is sort
of an integration test,
cuz the calculator is
pretty much the whole app.
Okay, so let's go ahead and
just run mpm t, find out what
problem we're gonna get from this.
And it's that darn dynamic import.
So, quite honestly, having a dynamic
import for an app like this,
like totally worthless cuz it's.
But in a real world application,
you are gonna have dynamic imports.
You should have dynamic imports for
different routes and
components that aren't loaded off in.
Why do you need to load
d3 on the login screen?
Don't do that.
So the problem is that
right now node doesn't support
ES modules or dynamic imports.
The fun thing about that is that
you can dynamically import code and
node using a require statements
at anywhere in the file.
It happened synchronously but
at least you can have it happen to do
a function call or something like that.
So, there is a double transform
that's available that can
convert dynamic import into
the node equivalent that
just as a require segment even though it's
synchronous it turns it into a promise so
that it can simulate the same
kind of thing in node, and so
that's what we're going to
install to make all this work.
So we'll add npm install as a dev,
dependency
babel-plugin-dynamic-import-node.
Babel plugins are normally
named really boring things,
>> Kent C. Dodds: Or descriptive things.
But that's not the only descriptive
module we'll be installing today.
Okay, cool.
So we got that installed and
now we just need to update our battle
configuration to pull that in.
We want this to happen for
our tests but not for
our production code because we do want
dynamic imports in the production code.
And so what we're going to do for
that is we'll say,
if it is test,
then we'll have dynamic, oops,
dynamic-import-node, otherwise
we'll do null.
But null is not a plugin for Babel.
It's going to blow up on us.
So we'll filter Boolean.
This is one of my favorite
tricks is filter all the false-y
things out of this thing.
I wish I could do that for objects.
It's a little more tricky.
You have to do a reduced thing but
yeah, let me double check.
Yep, that's it.
Cool, so now if we run npm t
>> Kent C. Dodds: New error.
Well, it sounds like we
fixed that other error but
cannot read properly getItem of undefined.
Well, let's find out
what that's all about.
Go to the calculator test, while we are
not doing anything called getItem in there
so maybe it's in calculator,
getItem aha, localStorage.getitem.
So apparently it's actually very hard
to simulate local storage in node.
Well at least it was
a couple of years ago.
Now we have proxies and
so it's a lot easier.
But nobody has actually done it yet.
So that could be you.
That would be great if
you wanted to do that.
It'd be kinda a fun thing to support.